delay
their bike
wheel finish
is
not
istes
In
a
palatable
conceived
the price
of the
opportunity
to
quick
also
85 yen, please.
Please, 85 yen is too expensive.
So I said, it's not good.
But it's too expensive.
How about 1 yen and 20 cents?
I'll pay you.
You're so fast.
It's a dirty car.
I was delivering pigs three days ago.
I was in the car, but the car broke down.
I'm sorry.
Please, take care of it.
It's moving.
Of course.
It's not a moving car.
Please, take care of it.
What's this?
It's a curse.
Can't you move faster?
Yes, what is it?
Please wait a moment.
There's a bean shop over there.
I like the bean that you make.
I'll buy some.
I'm sorry.
I'll buy some beans.
Please wait.
Thank you.
Why are you so grumpy?
Hey, I borrowed your left hand.
I'll have some bread.
Bread? Will it be ready soon?
It's already full.
I'll put some bread in the wound.
It's like a red cut.
Please do it.
It's ready.
Please wait.
Again?
There's a delicious takuan over there.
I'll buy some.
Thank you.
Thank you for waiting.
Please wait.
I don't know what's going on, but the road is rough.
The cars that come later will all blow up.
I'll give flowers to people like that.
What can I do with flowers?
The more flowers, the better the work.
I'm not a worker.
It stopped.
The gasoline is not enough.
Half of the water is in the water.
The condition of the engine is bad.
It stopped when it came up the bridge.
I beg you.
Please get off and push it later.
I can't push the car.
I'm getting off.